The President:  Thank you very
much for being here.
We have a very big moment
because we have Danny Burch
back home,
where he should be.
He was in Yemen,
in a very horrible situation —
a captive, a prisoner.
You can call him whatever you
want, but it wasn’t good.
He was there for 18 months —
even a little more
than 18 months —
and we got him out.
And we had some great help
from UAE and all of our friends.
But we got Danny out.
And he’s just come home,
said hello to his family,
his beautiful son.
Thank you for being here.
And it’s nice to see your
father back where he belongs.
I want to thank our Vice
President for being here.
I want to thank Mitt Romney —
Senator Romney,
Senator Graham
for being here.
They were in the office,
unrelated to this,
and they heard about this and
they know the story of Danny.
This is a very big story in our
country, what they did with you.
But we got him out,
and we’re very happy about it.
And, Danny, welcome home.
Mr. Burch:  Thank you so much.
It’s great to be here.
The President:  Thank you
very much.
Thank you very much.
Mr. Burch:  (Inaudible.)
The President:  Thank you
, Danny.
(Applause.)
Would you like to say something?
Mr. Burch:  Gosh, it’s great
to be an American.
(Applause.)
The President:
Thank you, Danny. Appreciate it.
Thank you all very much.
Mike — Mike,
do you have anything to say
while we’re here?
The Vice President:  Just,
I’m so proud of this team —
the State Department team.
Mr. President, you’ve made it
clear to the wider world
that when Americans are detained
anywhere in the world,
we want them home.
And we work urgently to do that.
And we’ve seen great successes
over the last two years.
And Danny’s homecoming
is just one more statement
about the priority that you
and our administration,
our entire team,
place on bringing Americans
back from captivity.
So it’s an honor
to be here with you.
And, Danny, it’s an honor
to say, “Welcome home.”
Mr. Burch:  Thank you, sir.
I appreciate it.
The President:  Well,
I will say, Danny,
we’re 20 and 0.
We’ve gotten a lot of them out.
And they shouldn’t
have been there —
Aya from Egypt, and many others.
North Korea.
We have a few negotiations
going on right now.
I won’t tell you
where because we don’t want
to blow
the negotiation out the window,
but we have
a few negotiations going.
I love doing it because
I love the end result.
This is the end result:
a happy man with a happy family.
Lindsey, would you have
anything to say?
Senator Graham:
Congratulations.
You’ve got a very good
hostage negotiator.
And to the Yemen people,
I’m sorry you’re having
to go through
what you’re going through.
And thank you
for taking Iran on.
I appreciate that,
Mr. President.
The root of most evil
in the Mideast is Iran.
Thank you.
The President:  Well, would you
say maybe a few words?
You worked very hard.
Mr. O’Brien:  Sure,
Mr. President.
Thank you.
And this wouldn’t happen
with all of these hostages
and detainees
without the support
of the President.
The President has had
unparalleled success
in bringing Americans home
without paying concessions,
without prisoner exchanges,
but through force of will
and the goodwill that
he’s generated around the world.
So thank you to the UAE,
which assisted President Trump
in this important rescue.
And, again, I’m honored
to be here with you today, sir.
The President:  Thank you.
That’s so nice.
Mr. O’Brien:  And welcome home,
Danny.
Mr. Burch:  Thank you, sir.
The President:  The
Ambassador said
that he’s the greatest hostage
negotiator in our history.
And I say, “Don’t say it because
they’ll never write it.
They’ll never write it.”
Mitt, would you say something?
Please.
Senator Romney:  I’d be
happy to.
I congratulate
the administration,
the President,
the Vice President,
for making this
such a high priority.
Welcome home.
It’s wonderful to have you back
in our wonderful land.
Thank you also to Robert O’Brien
and the entire team at State
and the administration
that’s working to find ways
to bring our hostages home.
It’s a great and important work,
and we very much appreciate it.
It’s wonderful to have one of
our own come back to our shores.
The President:  Thank you
very much, Mitt.
And, Robert, again,
congratulations to everybody.
Keep it going. We have some
other ones going right now
that nobody knows about,
but we’re going to pull it off.
And I really —
you’re doing a fantastic job.
Thank you very much.
Mr. O’Brien:  Thank you, sir.
The President:  Thank
all very much.
Thank you. Thank you.
The Press:  How are the trade
talks going with China?
The President:  Going okay.
We’re moving along.
We’re discussing that
with Lindsey and Mitt.
They’re moving along well,
and we’ll see what happens.
They’re either going
to be a good deal
or it’s not going to be a deal.
But I think they’re
moving on very nicely.
The Press:  Mr. President, is
North Korea breaking a promise
by rebuilding
a key missile launch site?
The President:  Well,
we’re going to see.
It’s too early to see.
But we have to solve a problem.
We have a very
nasty problem there.
We have to solve a problem.
The relationship is good.
I would be very disappointed
if that were happening.
It’s a very early report, and
we’re the ones that put it out.
But I would be very, very
disappointed in Chairman Kim.
And I don’t think I will be,
but we’ll see what happens.
We’ll take a look.
It’ll ultimately get solved.
Thank you all very much.
I appreciate it.
The Press:  What’s your message
to Republicans who choose
to vote against your
national emergency declaration?
What’s your message
to Republicans
who have already chosen
to vote against it?
The President:  We’ll have to
see how the vote goes.
We’ll see how the vote goes.